over a year ago at CES I saw the Ola G9
and it was incredible but it's expensive
gigabytes here to maybe fill that Gap
with the co 49 DQ and I've got to say it
is enormous this thing wouldn't even fit
in my back seat my car ignore the Do Not
Open from this side we packed it up this
way so it should come out just fine one
of the problems with curved is that
these boxes are so freaking deep on the
one hand it's great they come with a
three-year warranty on the other hand
you've got to find somewhere to keep
this box for three freaking years just
in case it breaks down we've got our
Factory calibration report got the base
of our stand got the other part of her
stand the column uh one thing to note is
they are using the nice double column
design because it's a 49 in display 32
by9 this thing is enormous it's going to
need all the support it can get as for
the cables to come in the box we've got
HDMI 2.1 ultra high speed DP 1.4 C13
power cable USB B to a but
now oh oh my God it's so big I should
just click clack it's going in it wants
to there we go there we go just push
it it's enormous if you couldn't already
tell this thing is18
100 R curve to help protect in shipping
they've got a really nice peel that we
already peeled off to do all our testing
really nice you're not going to get any
micros scratches I've never seen any
micr scratching from the little foam
that comes on top of a display but
people complain about it online so I
don't know what they're doing but the
screen film will definitely protect it
as for the stand it's not bad it's got
that base swivel that I personally
prefer and it's actually got quite a bit
for a monitor of this size I wasn't
expecting this much swivel and then
we've got some
tilt and I'm not even going to try to
Pivot it it's not going to happen I can
tell from the stand it's not going to
happen and I don't think anyone's going
to be pivoting this thing to go to
portrait mode it can't you can't do it
it's not meant to do that bill it is not
meant to do that as for I/O it's going
to be a little tough cuz it's so dang
big we've got our c14 power connector
here and then on the other side oh it's
nice and labeled for us that's always a
plus it's got a headphone jack two h
HDMI 2.1 ports display port 1.4 uh We've
also got our usbb port for connecting to
your computer uh for any peripherals or
firmware updates you might want to do as
well as uh two USB 3.2 type A overall
Design's pretty decent we've also got
pretty minimal branding but it is a
little cringe like team up fight on I
don't know if they need to tell me that
but I do love how hidden the aurus logo
is even though it's on the back of the
monitor that you're not going to be
looking at too frequently there's only
one more thing to do we got to plug it
in and turn it on but not before a word
from our sponsor thanks rocket money for
sponsoring this video rocket money is
the personal finance app that helps you
cancel subscriptions lower bills and
manage your money better they securely
break down what everyone's taking from
you every month and then helps you track
that spending and cancel The Unwanted or
forgotten subscriptions so save more and
spend less alongside 5 million members
using rocket money go to Rocket
money.com sshort circuit okay it's all
set up here looks pretty good we've got
fair amount of height adjustment too now
that it's on the desk let's put it about
there 3840 by 1080 nope we want 5120 by
1440p absolutely beautiful and then this
feels like garbage so we're going to
change that from 60 htz all the way up
to 144 hey there we go now a lot of
displays have been hitting 240 plus
Hertz recently which is fantastic and
they're getting that 13,000 clear Mr
rating from Vasa it is still OLED but
because it's down to the 140 before
we're only going to get the 8,000 rating
which is still really good and better
than most other gaming monitors but uh
it's a minor point that you might care
about you're not going to get 200 and
plus Hertz on this thing uh but what you
are going to get is basically two
16x9 displays at
1440p which is just so weird I've never
been a fan of 32 by9 uh for me it's just
too much screen all in one place but
some people love of the whole idea of
using like picture in picture or picture
by picture and making like one side of
the screen for your game and then one
side of the screen for whatever else you
want to do maybe Discord or twitch or
maybe you're taking notes maybe you're
in class I don't know I'm not going to
judge now this display mode setting is a
little weird it's either full or aspect
the reason that's important is because
if you hook up a console to this they
don't support Ultra wide and so if you
go full it's just going to stretch the
whole image across and maybe someone out
there likes that I don't think you
should so keep it on aspect if you want
it to be correct pip baby so I want PBP
I want picture by picture whoa that's
great so now what we need to do though
if you want to take advantage of this if
is you have to either plug in a separate
device or you have to plug in uh another
HDMI cable to your computer so that it's
sending two different signals to the
different parts of the display if you're
just tuning in now it looks broken
because the screen is pure black it's
probably got a bit of that magenta tinge
cuz it's QE OLED we've got studio lights
blasting on this thing I don't know what
to tell you guys as soon as you take it
into your home and you're just in like
wherever as long as you don't have full
sun Windows blasting on it it looks fine
but this is short circuit not long
circuit so we're going to just play it
the way nature intended at sweet sweet
32 by9 the nice thing about that instead
of using two separate displays is you've
always got bezels right so if if you've
got two monitors side by side you're
going to have that weird bezel in
between if you go with the PBP method
boom now it's just perfect nothing in
the way I don't think I want anything
else here right now so let's let's game
Doom is fantastic and that it will play
basically any aspect ratio you want it
to look at the Dual up video it was
weird it was like 4 by three or so I
can't remember what the aspect ratio was
for it but it looked
amazing okay let's make sure it's all
set to being pretty
um 32 by9 not 1080p we want
1440p it's so
dumb um Ultra sure apply one of the
problems you notice with ultra wide is
that uh look not everything is built for
ultrawide so we've got this nice splash
screen here but it only goes to here and
then this UI since the UI is probably
being told to just like draw on the left
and that one's probably just draw on the
right on the extremes as much as I love
Ultra wide when it works perfectly when
it doesn't it just kind of looks weird
and wrong and it can be hard to get the
hang of it this feels good though oh my
God it's like my entire peripheral
vision is full just perfectly perfectly
full is 21 by9 just not good enough and
so you want 32x 9 cuz 21 by9 just gives
you a taste while still maintaining all
the of those bugs I was talking about
whereas like this is just right in my
face like I cannot get over how cool
this looks right now especially with
OLED and HDR like yeah it's only 144
Herz but because of those instant pixel
response times from OLED it looks really
crispy but you know we know Doom looks
good what about the other HDR content
one thing that is kind of weird about
this guy is our Peak brightness is only
lists at 456 nits from uh Windows which
is usually correct but what we found is
that it will do a th000 however you're
going to have to change some things so
in our regular HDR mode it's not in the
setting OSD it's not in here so what
you're going to have to do is go out and
then we got to go to APL stabilize so
ours is already set to high because
we've been doing some testing but it
will default to Middle out of the box
and so you've got to set this to high or
you're not going to get 1,000 nits we
should see that even though Windows is
stating 456 to the naked eye this all
looks pretty good it's very Vivid it's
very colorful but while we were testing
it we noticed something pretty
interesting the HDR accuracy is actually
not very good at all some of the worst
I've ever seen to be perfectly honest
however when you're just looking at it
in person unless you have something that
is perfect or close to it right next to
it you're not really going to be able to
tell maybe if you're a purist or a
colorist or you're just really really
good at looking at displays um but
frankly even looking at this AR footage
knowing that it's not accurate it looks
pretty good to me we noticed especially
in Resident Evil 4 that it just kind of
over brightens everything way too much
and so you'll have let's say a car truck
lights pointed somewhere and they're
pointed way off here Leon's standing
over here so he should just be kind of
like soft lit by them but he's not he
looks like the lights are shining
directly on him and unless you've got
the game running simultaneously on two
different displays you're really not
going to notice you're just going to
think oh it's kind of right but for a
game like Resident Evil that wants to be
moody and dark it doesn't all of a
sudden look all that Moody and dark
anymore so I think it's perfectly
fine for the vast majority of people I
think it's still going to look good but
that can be a huge deciding factor for
some of you out there it's not going to
technically be accurate when it comes to
HDR content as for SDR content it's not
so bad we measured an average of 1.5
however once we check our maximum it's
all the way up at 9 .1 so we found that
Blues are just kind of UND saturating
and then Reds are being pulled out a
little too much so again it's like it
looks good and most people aren't really
going to notice especially when the
average is so low but a Discerning
customer might be a little more picky as
for color gamut it's pretty decent it's
QD OLED so we've got 99% coverage of P3
and then a whopping 82% of BT 2020 which
is strong it's great now let's talk
price monitors have have been coming
down in price quite a bit recently and
this guy retails for 1,300 bucks I know
that's still a lot of money but the
thing is just a few years ago OLED 32
by9 49 in 144 Herz like this thing would
have been 2 three grand easy if not even
more than that the only problem is that
currently the OLED G9 would be $1,100 on
sale obviously sales change all the time
so who knows whether that $1,100 that
the G9 is going for is going to stay
right maybe it goes away and comes back
frequently throughout the year I don't
know but what I can say is that if
you're picking between the two displays
and that's the price go with the G9 if
you're not and it's an
MSRP this does look pretty compelling
for 1,300 bucks since filming the
pricing of the orus monitor has dropped
to
$1,100 if you can't get the G9 on sale
this is a pretty solid price Point
thanks for watching that's short circuit
this is the gigabyte Co 49 DQ if you
want to look at another very similar
panel check out the Samsung OLED G9